hello my name is Steven and today I'm
going to talk about the usual suspects a
criminal Dean Keaton is lying badly
wounded on a ship docked in San Pedro
Bay he is confronted by a mysterious
figure whom he calls Kaiser who shoots
him dead and sets fire to the ship the
next day the police recovered 27 bodies
and only two survivors
Akash kovash a Hungarian mobster
hospitalized with severe burns and Roger
verbal Kint a con artist with cerebral
palsy u.s. customs agent dave kujan
flies from New York City to interrogate
verbal the events that led Keaton
Michael McManus Fred Fenster Todd
Hockney and verbal on to the ship have
been described by verbal via flashback
six weeks earlier in New York verbal and
the other four criminals were arrested
as suspects in a truck hijacking only to
be released thanks to Edie Finneran
Keaton's lawyer and girlfriend they then
decided to pull a heist to get revenge
on the NYPD led by Keaton they robbed a
jewel smuggler being escorted by corrupt
cops netting millions in emeralds and
getting over 50 cops arrested they then
went to California to fence the jewels
through a man named red foot who
connects them with another jewel heist
the heist goes badly and the men learned
that the job was arranged by a lawyer
named kobayashi they meet Kobayashi who
says he arranged for their arrests in
New York and that his employer Keyser
söze a mysterious Turkish crime lord
whom each of the men have unwittingly
stolen from has ordered them to raid a
ship man by Argentinian drug dealers and
destroy 91 million dollars worth of
cocaine being sold on board their reward
will be the cash broth of the exchange
and being freed from Suzie's influence
during ko bashes interrogation it is
learned that there was no cocaine on the
ship and that Soze was seen on board
Birbal then tells kujan a legend about
Soze that he had murdered his own family
when they were being held hostage by
Hungarian mobsters and then massacred
the mobsters and their families before
disappearing doing business only through
underlings who did not know who they
were working for Soze thus became a
fearsome urban myth a spook story that
criminals tell their kids at night
concluding his story verbal reveals
Fenster was killed
to flee the men then threaten Kobayashi
only to accept the assignment when he
threatened their loved ones the men
attacked the ship during the knife
killing several Argentinian and
Hungarian gangsters before discovering
there is no cocaine pop me a prisoner in
one of the cabins McManus and then
Keaton are killed by an unseen assailant
who sets fire to the ship as verbal
looks on from the hiding place on the
dock fujian deduces that Keaton must be
Soze as the prisoner killed on the ship
was arturro Marquez a smuggler who
escaped prosecution by claiming he could
identify Soze Marquez was being
represented by Edie Finneran who has
also been recently murdered kujan claims
that the Argentinians took Marquez to
sell him to Susie's Hungarian rivals
Cleavon then used the assault so that he
could kill Marquez personally and faked
his own death
verbal finally confesses that Keaton had
been behind everything but refuses to
testify in court
berbils bail is posted and he is
released moments later couldn't realizes
that verbal fabricated his entire
deposition piecing together details for
his story from items posted on a crowded
bulletin board in the office he also
realizes that the name kobayashi came
from the brand on the bottom of the
coffee mug that he was drinking from
meanwhile furball walks outside
gradually losing his limp and flexing
his supposedly disabled hand as fujian
pursues verbal a fax arrives from the
hospital where kovash has finally
provided a facial composite of Soze
which looks exactly like verbal kujan
missus verbal by moments as the ladder
disappears into a car driven by
kobayashi
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos